Eastwood 1.1.0
--------------
18-Jul-2008

The second release of Eastwood Charts adds some important new features, 
some matching features from the Google Chart API and others extending it,
including:

- support for the sparkline chart type ('cht=ls');
- support for chart data scaling ('chds');
- new custom chart types supporting a 3D-effect on bar charts - just add a '3' 
      to the corresponding bar chart type ('cht=bvg3/bhg3/bvs3/bhs3');
- new 'ewd2' and 'ewtr' tags to support trendlines on bar charts and scatter
      plots;
- configurable fonts for the servlet;

The source code has been refactored to allow the chart engine to be reused 
outside of a servlet environment, for example in a client application (see the
org.jfree.eastwood.Application class) or an applet (see 
org.jfree.eastwood.ChartApplet).
  
In addition to the new features in this release, a number of bugs have been 
eliminated, and we've added some JUnit tests. 

The licence for the Eastwood has been changed to the GNU Lesser General Public 
Licence version 2.1 or later, matching the licence used for JFreeChart.  This
will mean (hopefully) we spend less time talking about licence terms, and more 
time coding.

Special thanks to Niklas Therning who has made several important contributions 
to this release.

Patches:
2003913 - disable plot border;
2002341 - 'chdl' and 'chdlp' support;
2001783 - support for UTF-8 and '%' in labels;
2001586 - Maven pom.xml.

Bug Fixes:
1872190 - pie chart label background paint;
1901369 - 'chdl' not working for bar charts;
1908089 - % not working for axis labels.


Eastwood 1.0.0
--------------
13 December 2007

Welcome to the first release of the Eastwood Chart Servlet.  This servlet 
emulates the recently released Google Chart API, using code that you install 
and run on your own server.  The advantage of this is that you don't HAVE to 
rely on Google to generate your charts.  The disadvantage is that you don't 
GET to rely on Google to generate your charts :)

The Eastwood Chart Servlet is Free Software (licensed under the terms of the
GNU Affero General Public Licence), so you have complete control over the 
chart generation process - you can modify it, fix bugs, tweak settings, or just
run it as is.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS INITIAL RELEASE ALMOST CERTAINLY CONTAINS BUGS.  We 
wanted to get this release out quickly (the Google Chart API was released just 
one week ago), so please report any issues you encounter.
    
Thanks!

Dave Gilbert
Eastwood Project Leader
http://www.jfree.org/eastwood/

